you are just terrible today Shh do you
hear that that's the sound of
forgiveness that's the sound of people
drowning Carl do what your mouth about
my mouth darn it I know and the word of
the day is penis for any questions yes
Jimmy what's the penis for yes she is a
bitch Vict H look at my face okay just
look at it no no keep looking I am
looking no you're not look harder is
there a point to this yes
so look as hard as you can all right
focus on every part of my face
oh no wait I'm doing it now does it look
like a give a fuck well maybe I could
come to the gym and we could ice not
boys being gay you and me any day love
your hair okay ready give me a second
ready stare oh I think you gonna blink
you're right hey no laser pointers
that's not regulation rules man I need
to give you guys some advice on your
music that wasn't real club eyes music
club eyes music is electronic
made with your silly little mouths all
guys stocking is created okay I'd better
work or wait what do you have in
Switzerland some kind of like many don't
know
I am from Germany where the age of
consent is 40 what is it the Alabama of
Europe
[Music]
it's fair cry come out of the bathroom
young lady come out of that bathroom
right now come out of that bathroom
right this is your father speaking and
you'll respect me in my house can't you
like my pretties yes as soon as for
anything little birds or monkeys we're
bears touches his neck you'll be mine
[Music]
fuck you suck my dick okay what drop
trou I'll suck your dick right now dude
that was an expression right about right
that's an expression right guys okay not
an invitation
[Music]
time to leave you suckers beam me up
Scotty it didn't work to put stuff down
dude oh I'll do it myself
hey hello hey what's up I need your help
can you come here well I can't I'm
butting clothes all right well hurry up
and come over here I can't find them
what do you mean you can't find them I
can't find them there's only soup what
do you mean there's only soup it means
there's only soup well then get out of
this soup aisle don't like you to let
this shout at me there's more soup what
do you mean there's more soup there's
just more soup going to the next aisle
there's still soup where are you right
now I'm at soup what do you mean you're
at soup I mean I'm at so what store are
you in I'm at the soup store why are you
buying clothes at the soup store
I'm trapped in the wall and I'd rather
you not hi I'm the man of the wall oh
you're bananas please me I bless you
with a large penis can't move it all the
wall God is displeased you have another
one thanks let's kill him okay I'm just
gonna guess from what I saw that it
could be Felix it might be hey come come
a little closer if you would please
little closer
come here you dirty terrorist I gave you
a big penis before I met you like this
is a metaphor before I met you I I was
this I was dry I was all alone and then
when I met you I became wet sponge well
I became wet for you are you saying I
strangely aroused you absolutely around
me
[Music]